The Following Are Definitions For WallStreetOdds Filters/Metrics That Fall Under The Analyst Price Target Upside Category.
Average Target Upside %: The % difference between the 'Average Analyst Price Target' of a stock and the current market price of that same stock. If this number is positive, it means that the 'Average Analyst Price Target' for the stock is higher than the current market price of the stock and represents potential upside. If this number is negative, it means that the 'Average Analyst Price Target' for the stock is lower than the current market price of the stock and represents potential downside.
Median Target Upside %: The % difference between the 'Median Analyst Price Target' of a stock and the current market price of that same stock. If this number is positive, it means that the 'Median Analyst Price Target' for the stock is higher than the current market price of the stock and represents potential upside. If this number is negative, it means that the 'Median Analyst Price Target' for the stock is lower than the current market price of the stock and represents potential downside.
Highest Target Upside %: The % difference between the 'Highest Analyst Price Target' of a stock and the current market price of that same stock. If this number is positive, it means that the 'Highest Analyst Price Target' for the stock is higher than the current market price of the stock and represents potential upside. If this number is negative, it means that the 'Highest Analyst Price Target' for the stock is lower than the current market price of the stock and represents potential downside.
Lowest Target Upside %: The % difference between the 'Lowest Analyst Price Target' of a stock and the current market price of that same stock. If this number is positive, it means that the 'Lowest Analyst Price Target' for the stock is higher than the current market price of the stock and represents potential upside. If this number is negative, it means that the 'Lowest Analyst Price Target' for the stock is lower than the current market price of the stock and represents potential downside.