The Following Are Definitions For WallStreetOdds Filters/Metrics That Fall Under The One Day Odds Category.
One Day - Up Odds: For each asset, the "One Day Up Odds" tells you the historical (going back up to 2010) percent of trades that would have yielded a positive return if you had bought the asset every time it moved an equivalent amount to its current move at that moment and sold it at the following trading day's close. As an example, if AAPL was up 5% at this moment, and the One Day Up Odds were 65%, it means that historically if you had bought AAPL every other time it was up 5% in the past, at the moment it was up 5%, and then sold it at the close of the following trading day, 65% of the time you would have realized a profit on those trades. The down odds is equivalent to 1 minus the up odds. For instance, 65% up odds is equivalent to 35% down odds (1 - 65%). For our odds, 11:59 PM GMT is considered the market close for cryptos.
One Day - Avg Return: For each asset, the "Average Return" tells you the historical (going back up to 2010) average return you would have made if each time the asset moved an equivalent amount to what it has moved today, you bought it at that moment and sold it at the following trading day's close. For our odds, 11:59 PM GMT is considered the market close for cryptos.
One Day - # Of Past Occurances: "# Of Past Occurrences" tells you the number of days since 2010 where at some point the asset was up/down an equivalent amount to the asset's current day's move. This can be seen as the "population size" that all of the odds are based on for each asset.
One Day - Min Return: The "Min Return" is the lowest return you would have obtained if each time the asset moved an equivalent amount to what it has moved today, you bought it at that moment and sold it at the following trading day's close. For our odds, 11:59 PM GMT is considered the market close for cryptos.
One Day - Max Return: The "Max Return" is the highest return you would have obtained if each time the asset moved an equivalent amount to what it has moved today, you bought it at that moment and sold it at the following trading day's close. For our odds, 11:59 PM GMT is considered the market close for cryptos.