The Following Are Definitions For WallStreetOdds Filters/Metrics That Fall Under The One Week Odds Category.
One Week - Up Odds: For each asset, the "One Week Up Odds" tells you the historical (going back up to 2010) percent of trades that would have yielded a positive return if you had bought the asset every time it moved an equivalent amount to its current move at that moment and sold it at the close 5 trading days later. As an example, if AAPL was up 5% at this moment, and the One Week Up Odds were 65%, it means that historically if you had bought AAPL every other time it was up 5% in the past, at the moment it was up 5%, and then sold it at the close 5 trading days later, 65% of the time you would have realized a profit on those trades. The down odds is equivalent to 1 minus the up odds. For instance, 65% up odds is equivalent to 35% down odds (1 - 65%). For our odds, 11:59 PM GMT is considered the market close for cryptos.
One Week - Avg Return: For each asset, the "Average Return" tells you the historical (going back up to 2010) average return you would have made if each time the asset moved an equivalent amount to what it has moved today, you bought it at that moment and sold it at the close 5 trading days later. For our odds, 11:59 PM GMT is considered the market close for cryptos.
One Week - # Of Past Occurances: "# Of Past Occurrences" tells you the number of days since 2010 where at some point the asset was up/down an equivalent amount to the asset's current day's move. This can be seen as the "population size" that all of the odds are based on for each asset.
One Week - Min Return: The "Min Return" is the lowest return you would have obtained if each time the asset moved an equivalent amount to what it has moved today, you bought it at that moment and sold it at the close 5 trading days later. For our odds, 11:59 PM GMT is considered the market close for cryptos.
One Week - Max Return: The "Max Return" is the highest return you would have obtained if each time the asset moved an equivalent amount to what it has moved today, you bought it at that moment and sold it at the close 5 trading days later. For our odds, 11:59 PM GMT is considered the market close for cryptos.